Jehovah's been so good to us.
We enjoy a busy life full of blessings.
Including one, we didn't expect.
We love our little Emma so much.
But childry rain was harder than we thought.
Most days went well.
Others not so much.
I just need some rest.
When will things be back to normal?
I wake with every little cry.
I wake when she's silent.
Am I doing this right?
I should check on them.
Anytime to ourselves was time to do nothing.
Fatigue was affecting our relationship with Jehovah.
And each other.
We were so relieved when David, a father himself,
offered to visit with another elder.
We read Isaiah 4029.
He gives power to the tired one,
and full might to those lacking strength.
As a loving father, Jehovah wants parents to succeed.
So he gives us what we need to recharge us.
Things might never be like they were before.
But his suggestions helped us create a practical and consistent spiritual routine.
David said it's normal for new parents to feel anxious,
and anxiety is tiring.
So we pray for a calm heart.
An extra kindness went tired.
So we can keep working as a team.
I so appreciate Zach's help.
And I'm sacrificing some unnecessary things to put spiritual things first.
There will always be a lot to do.
But when Emma sleeps, I feed my faith and rest.
Our new spiritual routine is invigorating.
Jehovah helped us to understand.
While life in this system may have many challenges,
putting spiritual things first will give us the strength to meet them.